Source Code Integrations docs improvements (#19889)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

## Overview

<div class="alert alert-info">
The source code integration supports:

> </br>
> Languages: Go, Java, JavaScript (except transpiled JavaScript), Python, .NET, Ruby.
> </br>
> Git providers: GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, Azure DevOps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</br>
<b>Languages</b>: Go, Java, JavaScript (except transpiled JavaScript), Python, .NET, Ruby
</br>
<b>Git providers</b>: GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, Azure DevOps
```

If you have [APM][6] set up already, navigate to [**Integrations** > **Link Source Code**][7] and configure the source code integration for your backend services.

> ## Tag your telemetry with Git information

Author: @drichards-87 In this part, we want customers to perform *either* the `Embed Git information in your build artifacts` OR the `Configure telemetry tagging` part. Do you think it's clear enough as it is ? I'm afraid readers might carry on after doing the first one and do both. Do you have any recommendation to make it even clearer ?

Reviewer: Reading through the section again, I do think it's clear. That said, if we want to make it even more explicit, I would update the first sentence in the [Configure telemetry tagging](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/ronan/sci-improvements/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=go#configure-telemetry-tagging) section. For example:

> For unsupported languages, use the git.commit.sha and git.repository_url tags to link data to a specific commit.

Author: Thanks, I added that ! I think it should be ready to merge now.

> Your telemetry needs to be tagged with Git information tying the running application version with a particular repository and commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your telemetry must be tagged with Git information that ties the running application version with a particular repository and commit.
```

> For supported languages, it's recommended to [embed git information](#embed-git-information-in-your-artifacts-on-ci) in the deployed artifacts, which is then extracted by the [Datadog Tracing Libraries][9] automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For supported languages, Datadog recommends [embedding Git information](#embed-git-information-in-your-build-artifacts) in the deployed artifacts, which is then extracted by the [Datadog Tracing Libraries][9] automatically.
```

For other languages and configurations, you can [configure telemetry tagging](#configure-telemetry-tagging) yourself.

> ### Embed git information in your build artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Embed Git information in your build artifacts
```

COPY .git ./.git
```

### Configure telemetry tagging

> To link data to a specific commit, tag your telemetry with `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

Author: ```suggestion
For unsupported languages, use the git.commit.sha and git.repository_url tags to link data to a specific commit.

To link data to a specific commit, tag your telemetry with `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.
```

COPY .git ./.git
```

### Configure telemetry tagging

To link data to a specific commit, tag your telemetry with `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker Runtime" %}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">
> This approach requires Docker, or containerd >= 1.5.6. It doesn't support containers running on AWS Fargate.
> For other container setups, see the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=host#tag-your-telemetry">Host</a> tab.
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">
This approach requires Docker or containerd >= 1.5.6. Containers running on AWS Fargate are not suported. For other container setups, see the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=host#tag-your-telemetry">Host</a> tab.
</div>
```

> If you are running your app in containers, Datadog can extract source code information directly from your images' Docker labels. During build time, follow the [Open Containers standard][1] to add the git commit SHA and repository URL as Docker labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running your app in containers, Datadog can extract source code information directly from your images' Docker labels. During build time, follow the [Open Containers standard][1] to add the Git commit SHA and repository URL as Docker labels:
```

| datadog-cdk-constructs              | If you are using the [Datadog CDK Construct][2] to instrument your serverless application, use a datadog-cdk-constructs `version >= 0.8.5` for AWS CDK v1, and datadog-cdk-constructs-v2 `version >= 1.4.0` for AWS CDK v2. |
| datadog-ci                          | If you are using the [Datadog CLI client][3] to instrument your serverless application, use a datadog-ci `version >= 2.4.1`. You must run the CLI tool in the same directory as the code repository.                        |

[1]: /serverless/libraries_integrations/plugin/
[2]: /serverless/libraries_integrations/cdk/
[3]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@datadog/datadog-ci
[4]: /serverless/aws_lambda/configuration/

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Host" %}}

To tag your traces, spans, and profiles with `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url`, configure the tracer with the `DD_TAGS` environment variable:

```
export DD_TAGS="git.commit.sha:<FULL_GIT_COMMIT_SHA>,git.repository_url:git-provider.example/me/my-repo"
./my-application start
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Synchronize your repository metadata

> To link your telemetry with source code, your repository metadata needs to be synchronized to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link your telemetry with source code, your repository metadata must be synchronized to Datadog.
```

<div class="alert alert-info">
Datadog doesn't store the actual content of files in your repository, only Git commit and tree objects.
</div>

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "GitHub" %}}

> Install Datadog's [GitHub integration][1] on the [GitHub integration tile][2] to let Datadog synchronize your repository metadata automatically. When specifying permissions on the integration tile, select at least **Read** permissions for **Contents**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Datadog's [GitHub integration][1] on the [GitHub integration tile][2] to allow Datadog to synchronize your repository metadata automatically. When specifying permissions on the integration tile, select at least **Read** permissions for **Contents**.
```

Setting up the GitHub integration also allows you to see inline code snippets in **Error Tracking**.

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/github/
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/github/
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Other Git Providers" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Repositories on self-hosted instances or private URLs are not supported out-of-the-box by the Source Code Integration. Please reach out to support.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what the line about contacting Support means? Are we instructing users to contact Support when they want to use repositories on self-hosted instances or private URLs (because they're not supported out-of-the-box and thus require additional configuration/steps on our end)?

Author: Exactly, we currently don't have a way to configure that in-app, but we can configure it manually for them if they reach out to us

Author: Thanks for the headsup ! I updated the page.

Reviewer: Perfect, thanks! This looks good from my end. Is this ready to be merged now?

Author: I'd like to wait for a teammate of mine to double check everything makes sense, if it's possible to hold off for a bit

COPY .git ./.git
```

### Configure telemetry tagging

> For unsupported languages, use the git.commit.sha and git.repository_url tags to link data to a specific commit.
> 
> To link data to a specific commit, tag your telemetry with `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

Author: ```suggestion
For unsupported languages, use the `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags to link data to a specific commit. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.
```

2. Click on an issue. The **Issue Details** panel appears on the right.
3. Under **Latest Event**, click the **View** button on the right of a frame or select **View file**, **View Git blame**, or **View commit** to be redirected to your source code management tool.

> {{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/error-tracking-panel-full.png" alt="A view repository button with three options (view file, view blame, and view commit) available on the right side of an error stack trace in Error Tracking, along with inline code snippets in the stack trace" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: Can you confirm that this screenshot was taken on Demo or a private sandbox account? I wasn't able to find this issue in Demo, so just want to double-check.
